Gerald Harris

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10mKDgFeAJEfmwqQWRJgEJhQb7BZG7y-MJzw5rNRqp_A/edit?usp=sharing

One of President Donald Trump’s ardent critics since he announced his candidacy will be facing a challenge in a general election from a republican who is running very close to the Commander in Chief. 

Democratic Congresswoman Maxine Waters represents California’s 43rd congressional district. 

For the third time in three election cycles Waters could will be facing small business owner Omar Navarro for the seat in a heavily democratic district.

The Cook Political Report has classified this race as “solid Democratic”, but that isn’t stopping Navarro from trying to curry favor with Trump. 

According to Federal Election Commission filings from Navarro, from the span of 2017 to February of 2018, he has spent more than $8,600 on Trump owned properties. 

Navarro is one of the more frequent names to show up on a search of FEC filings under the name ‘Trump’. 

Trump has not divested himself from companies that he owns, which is a stark difference from immediate past presidents. 

Navarro spent seven of his 10 trips to Trump owned businesses at Trump National Golf Course in California, while taking three trips to Nevada to the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas.

To win in this Democratic strong hold, it could be believed that Navarro must run away from the current administration in order to have a chance in November. 

Waters has called for the impeachment and often chastises the President and his administrators as the ranking member of the House Committee in Financial Services. 

Republicans are hoping that in a district with 46 percent Hispanic and 24 percent black running a Hispanic candidate born in the district could point to a win for Navarro. 

In 2016, Navarro won only 24 percent of the overall vote in the district. A year after President Donald Trump announced his presidency and referred to some Mexican immigrants as criminals. 

 "When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best," Trump said. "They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us.
 They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people."

